README.md, before:

## CLIp
This project was inspired by the discontinued maintenance for (IP-Tracer)[https://github.com/rajkumardusad/IP-Tracer]. It aims to be a more feature-rich re-imagining of the original IP-Tracer in Python instead of PHP.

# Installation
**Only Linux is officially supported,** but macOS and *BSD's *might* work as well. If Windows support is highly requested, it might be implemented at a later date. The focus right now is on finalizing the basic features.

Make sure `git` and `python3` are installed on your system. A Bourne-compliant shell is also required to run the scripts.

Navigate to where you want to keep the files for clip and run the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Moonlight1211/clip && cd ./clip
```

Using `su`, `sudo`, or `doas`, run the `./install` script. Feel free to examine the script before running it if you are weary of handing out elevated system privileges; there are comments explaining what each part of the script does.
```bash
sudo ./install
```

The script should print this message if the installation was successful:
```
Installation finished!
Consider reloading your terminal for all changes to take effect.
```

That's it! As long as `/usr/local/bin` is in your `$PATH` variable, (which you can check by running `echo $PATH`) you should be able to run `clip` from anywhere in your system like so:
```bash
clip -F ./lib/fields.csv example.ip.address
```

### Disclaimer
Do not use this program in any way for illicit purposes such as doxxing or harassment.

Commit message:

feat: Updated README.md with new instructions
After pr #4 changes to installation, the README needed to be updated
with instructions suiting it, as well as for other things that have
changed about the project. Now it contains every piece of information
end-users need to know about installing clip.

README.md, after:

# CLIp
This project was inspired by the discontinued maintenance for [IP-Tracer](https://github.com/rajkumardusad/IP-Tracer). It aims to be a more feature-rich re-imagining of the original IP-Tracer in Python instead of PHP.

### Installation
Make sure `git`, `python3`, and `make` are installed on your system. Currently, this means Windows is not supported, but there are plans to support it eventually!

Navigate to where you want to keep the files for clip and run the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Moonlight1211/clip && cd ./clip
```

First run `make` by itself **without root privileges**. Running `make` here as root runs `PyInstaller` as root, which will no longer be supported in future versions, and currently prints a warning discouraging it. It also makes all build files owned by the root user, and not you, which may be inconvenient.
```bash
make
```

Then use root privileges to run `make install`. If you are weary of handing out elevated permissions, feel free to examine the Makefile; it contains comments explaining what it does.
```bash
sudo make install
```

That's it! As long as `/usr/local/bin` is in your `$PATH` variable, (which you can check by running `echo $PATH`) you should be able to run `clip` from anywhere in your system like so:
```bash
clip -F ./lib/fields.csv example.ip.address
```

#### Installation quirks
If you need the `clip` binary to be installed elsewhere, just change the `BIN_DIR` variable in the Makefile to your preferred bin location.
```sh
BIN_DIR = /usr/bin
```


### Disclaimer
Do not use this program in any way for illicit purposes such as doxxing or harassment.
